All right, guys. In this tutorial, I'm
going to show you how to enable
collision and static meshes and how to
disable it.
If you want to disable the static
collision and static meshes
or how to enable it. Okay, first thing
first, let's see.
Okay, this is my third-person character.
As you can see, there is no collision.
It pass through this mesh.
Okay.
How to enable this collision and the
block the access inside this mesh?
Okay, select this one
and go right here, edit.
After going this, go here to search and
search for collision.
And this one we have
uh collision presets no collision. Make
it the block all.
And go down
to this one.
Uh use complex collision as simple.
Okay.
And let's see.
Okay, as you can see, it works fine.
Now, I enabled the collision in this
mesh. Okay, how to disable it?
Disable, select this one, this mesh.
And go right here, edit.
Search for collision.
And go here, no collision.
And make this one project default.
And hit save.
Okay, and let's see.
Fine, as you can see, it pass through
the mesh.
Okay, thank you, guys, for watching
this. All for this tutorial.